<a href="https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/the-biggest-questions-in-science/" style="color: #3366ff;" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Scientific American Innovations: “The Biggest Questions in Science”
<a href="https://www.theguardian.com/science/2013/sep/01/20-big-questions-in-science" style="color: #3366ff;" target="_blank" rel="noopener">The Guardian: “The 20 big questions in science”
<a href="https://bigthink.com/scotty-hendricks/the-5-biggest-unanswered-questions-in-science-prospective-einsteins-take-note" style="color: #3366ff;" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Big Think: 5 of the Biggest Questions That Science Can’t Answer Yet
<a href="https://science.howstuffworks.com/innovation/scientific-experiments/10-questions-science-cant-answer-yet.htm#pt5" style="color: #3366ff;" target="_blank" rel="noopener">10 Questions That Science Can’t Answer Yet
<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Explanatory_gap" style="color: #3366ff;" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Joseph Levine “Explanatory Gap”
<a href="http://cogprints.org/254/1/quinqual.htm" style="color: #3366ff;" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Daniel Dennett: “It just SEEMS like we have qualia”
<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qualia" style="color: #3366ff;" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Wikipedia: Qualia
<a href="https://canonizer.com/topic/88-Theories-of-Consciousness/6-Representational-Qualia#statement" style="color: #3366ff;" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Canonizer: Representational Qualia Theory
<a href="https://qualia.insite21.com/survey/1584554976" style="color: #3366ff;" target="_blank" rel="noopener">"Are You Qualia Blind?" Socratic Survey
<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Knowledge_argument" style="color: #3366ff;" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Frank Jackson’s Mary
<a href="https://blogs.scientificamerican.com/cross-check/world-s-smartest-physicist-thinks-science-can-t-crack-consciousness/" style="color: #3366ff;" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Scientific American says: “World's Smartest Physicist Thinks Science Can't Crack Consciousness”
<a href="https://bigthink.com/scotty-hendricks/the-5-biggest-unanswered-questions-in-science-prospective-einsteins-take-note" style="color: #3366ff;" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Big Think: 5 of the Biggest Questions That Science Can’t Answer Yet
<a href="https://www.buzzfeed.com/kellyoakes/big-questions-science-still-needs-to-answer" style="color: #3366ff;" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Buzz Feed: 24 Big Questions Science Still Needs To Answer
<a href="https://www.theguardian.com/science/2013/sep/01/20-big-questions-in-science" style="color: #3366ff;" target="_blank" rel="noopener">The Guardian: The 20 Big Questions in Science
<a href="https://science.howstuffworks.com/innovation/scientific-experiments/10-questions-science-cant-answer-yet.htm#pt5" style="color: #3366ff;" target="_blank" rel="noopener">How Stuff Works: 10 Questions That Science Can’t Answer Yet
<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Explanatory_gap" style="color: #3366ff;" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Joseph Levine: Explanatory Gap
<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inverted_spectrum" style="color: #3366ff;" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Wikipedia: Inverted Spectrum
<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consciousness_Explained" style="color: #3366ff;" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Daniel Dennett “It just SEEMS like we have qualia”
<a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7058250/#:~:text=As%20late%20as%201989%2C%20Stuart,has%20been%20written%20on%20it" style="color: #3366ff;" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Norman Stuart Sutherland:
<a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7058250/#:~:text=As%20late%20as%201989%2C%20Stuart,has%20been%20written%20on%20it" style="color: #3366ff;" target="_blank" rel="noopener">
<a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7058250/#:~:text=As%20late%20as%201989%2C%20Stuart,has%20been%20written%20on%20it" style="color: #3366ff;" target="_blank" rel="noopener">“Nothing worth reading has been written on it.”
<a href="http://consc.net/papers/facing.html" style="color: #3366ff;" target="_blank" rel="noopener">David Chalmers: “Facing Up to the Problem of Consciousness”
<a href="http://consc.net/papers/qualia.html" style="color: #3366ff;" target="_blank" rel="noopener">David Chalmers: “Absent Qualia, Fading Qualia, Dancing Qualia” 1995
<a href="https://www.hup.harvard.edu/catalog.php?isbn=9780674576186" style="color: #3366ff;" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Hans Moravec: “Mind Children” 1990
<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Knowledge_argument" style="color: #3366ff;" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Mary “knows everything there is to know about the science of color, but has never experienced color.”
<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inverted_spectrum" style="color: #3366ff;" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Inverted Spectrum
<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qualia" style="color: #3366ff;" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Wikipedia: Qualia